docs: add quartodoc website for documentation (#197)
posit-dev/posit-sdk-py: docs/quickstart.qmd

---
title: "Quickstart"
format: html
toc: true
toc-title: "Contents"
toc-depth: 2
---

# Setup

After [installing](./installation.qmd) the SDK, you need to import it. Here's a simple example of to get you started.

```python
>>> import posit
```

> # Basic Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Basic usage
```

> ## Initialize a Client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Initialize a client
```

> To get started, initialize a Client to work with your Posit products. For this example, we will work with Posit Connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, initialize a client to work with your Posit products. For this example, we will work with Posit Connect.
```

::: {.callout-warning}
Keeping your API key secret is essential to protect your application's security, prevent unauthorized access and usage, and ensure data privacy and regulatory compliance. By default, the API key is read from the `CONNECT_API_KEY` environment variable when it isn't provided in the Client initialization.
:::

```python
>>> from posit import connect
>>> client = connect.Client(api_key="btOVKLXjt8CoGP2gXvSuTqu025MJV4da", url="https://connect.example.com")
```

## Who am I?

Your API key is your secret identity. Now that we're connected, let's double check our username.

```python
>>> client.me.username
'gandalf'
```

## How much content do I have access to?

> One of the best features of Connect is the ability to share incredible content with your peers. Let's see just how much content we have access to!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the best features of Connect is the ability to share content with your peers. Let's see just how much content we have access to!
```
 statements like "incredible" veer into marketing territory/referring to content as such can be considered claims (which we'd have to substantiate) - generally want to avoid in tech docs :)

```python
>>> client.content.count()
5754
```

Voilà! I have a whopping 5,754 pieces of content to browse.

> # Next Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Next steps
```

> Check out the [API](./reference/index.qmd) for a full API reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [API Reference](./reference/index.qmd) for more information.
```

We're not really pointing them towards the API, we're pointing them towards the API Reference
